Lord Han has a crazy dog
He actually forged an invitation to the Tenglong Banquet
Mixed in
I'm about to arrest him and report to everyone
So brave
How dare you trespass into the Tenglong Banquet
Not so adults
I brought Lu Min in
I have an invitation
Is my invitation genuine?
It's you, you're really haunting
Lord Han, you know him
More than knowing
If you want to come to the Dragon Feast
I could have given you an invitation
Why forge this fake invitation?
humiliate yourself
repair
If the invitation Zhang Long sent me is fake
So whose invitation is still real?
wishful thinking
Arabian Nights
It's not what you're crazy about
It is also worthy of mentioning the reputation of Lord Tianwang
death is imminent
Delusional fox fake tiger power
Do you think calling adults is a fool?
Master Han, don't be angry
Mu Ming, please apologize to the adults
True or False
Wait for Zhang Feng to come and stay up all night
No need to bow down to me
Since you don't want to humble yourself to me
Then you trash get out of here